Why is this why
Qiuqi adults run amok
Why can't I get in touch?
Without the help of its adults
My strength is still so strong
Poor is dead
Of course you don't get an annual salary.
Ye Feifan, don't talk nonsense here
Lord Qiongqi's strength is unfathomable
How could he possibly die?
Jinlong colluded with the murderer Qiongqi
Youdao paragraph
Now that you know
Then you can't leave today.
The defeated generals still want to keep me
wishful thinking
Last time I just didn't want to tear my face with you
I only used five layers of power
I didn't expect you to deliver it yourself.
Since you are courting death
Then I'll send you on your way.
At that time, I will take the Tai Chi diagram to find the answer.
The Tai Chi diagram is in your hands
Of course.
Oh, right.
The Tai Chi diagram was from your mother's hands back then
Robbed
That night 15 years ago
So what happened?